>> Jason Lengstorf: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: I just wondered about you've
got each post in its own subfolder.
Is that necessary for the MDX thing to-.
>> Jason Lengstorf: No,
so anything that you
put into this post folder
will get pulled out in red.
The reason that I'm doing this is because
later on I'm gonna add images and
I would like to have the images for
a given post in the same folder
as the post that uses them.
It's much easier for me to keep track of,
and also I'm gonna show you a little
convenience thing that Gatsby does when
we get there that every time I see it,
it just makes my heart smile.
Yeah, go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: So, in this instance
you have one type of post.
What if you wanted multiple post types?
>> Jason Lengstorf: Yes,
if you had multiple post types,
you would end up writing
a slightly different query.
So for example, you might end up saying,
let's say we wanted all file
where we would filter and
say that we want the source
instance name to be posts.
And then this is where gets really
powerful because now we can say child or
nodes and then child MDX and
then front matter and
title, and so, where'd I do wrong?
Source instant, no, needs to be equals.
>> Jason Lengstorf: That's
the wrong button.
This is the right button.
Go away.
>> Jason Lengstorf: There, so
this is where we're kind of displaying
a relationship where we're
looking at the files.
And do you remember when
I said that we set a name
on our Gatsby config to be post?
We're basically saying give
me everything named posts.
So if you wanted to create another
one that was called recipes or
docs or whatever,
like whatever you wanted to create,
you could create another folder or
even have a sub folder in here.
A pattern I see is content/post,
content/docs.
And then instead of doing path posts,
you can do content/posts and
then this is named posts.
In that way you're able to kinda
filter down to just what you need.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, so
it would just be in your, in the query.
You wouldn't have to change
anything in your config.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Well, yeah, you would.
>> Speaker 2: Or
would have another section?
>> Jason Lengstorf: Yeah,
you could just duplicate this and
say this one is docs, and this is
gonna point to a folder called docs.
And then you'd be able to query for
the source instance name of docs, and
that would pull up anything
in the docs folder instead.